---
layout: default
---

# Overview

{% include mediaPlayer url="https://www.youtube.com/embed/A-LQ27RtlA4" %}

Project Drive is a year long student run project hosted and funded by the [IEEE
Branch of the University of California, San Diego](https://ieee.ucsd.edu/).
The premise of this project is to build a 1/10 scale fully autonomous race car
that would compete in the [SparkFun 2017 Speed Demons Autonomous Vehicle
Competition](https://avc.sparkfun.com/2017).

After a full year of incredible hard work and dedication from every member of
the team, we are proud to say that we have successfully completed in the
SparkFun Speed Demons Competition, placing [**#1 in the higher education
category**](https://avc.sparkfun.com/2017/scores) and [**#2
overall**](https://avc.sparkfun.com/2017/scores)!! Given the circumstance, that
every member came in with very little knowledge on the technology/software we
were using (ROS, OpenCV, Sensors, etc.) and no additional guidance from any
university staffs, this was truely an incredible feat to achieve for the team
and we are extremely proud to see how much we have accomplished and learn
throughout this short yet fast paced journey.

As a result, we have created this website as a way to not only showcase our work,
but also shed light on the various challenges and struggles we encountered
along the way as newcomers to the autonomous vehicle field, as well as how we
chose to tackle each scenario. We hope this site will provide helpful insights
and tips that will be the catalyst for discovering new autonomous vehicle
ideas and techniques, while at the same time, inspiring those whom have not
worked with this field to test the water and take part of this amazing
expedition.
